---
date: 2026-04-03T12:10
tags:
  - Daily
cssclasses:
  - daily
  - friday
---
# DAILY NOTE
## Friday, April 3rd, 2026
***
### Journal
#### TIME
Customize this template to your liking!
...
***
### Tasks
- [ ] Work on and update the .obsidian code to have a full custom best Vault design archietcture. & create a fully keybinds for you in obsidian and lazyvim.
- [ ] 

### Ideas & Notes 
> Pure Lead Generation of LesLions Lead
- I need to create the fulll ecosystem of Lead
- Audit and fully analyze current ecosystem of lead Generation
- Search about all the tools you need for everysingle step.
- List down all the steps and create ecosystem of each step.
- create full ecosystem of of each single step of the whole 
- Fully SEO Optimization SaaS project.
-  100M$ Leads it's an ecosystem, and so there is a lot of things you need to do to generate leads, and about SEO Engine maximization you can start post content in pintereset to generate traffic to the website and a lot of multiple other ideas, but the core thing is that you need to have a fully defined clear closed system, input->process->output->feedback. so you can know what's working and what's not and to massively work. 
- Just list and create all systems and execute massively in fact now you have ai automation and a lot of things you can do to create an elite leads generation ecosystem and scale to 6-7 figures business.
- I need to create all the systems, and create infrastructure then execution systems and scaling systems, then ai systems, then leading systems.
- when creating content and have a give:ask ratio, when asking you need to either monitize your core offer or lead magnet for example you say “here’s an other 11 things that help me to do this.“ that’s it and you drive traffic to a landing page to grab those 11 things, and so you can also add this landing page in home page bottom section of guides in leslions.

- [ ] Turn each book chapter into a full system md file.
- [ ] You need now to cusotmize BMAD Project and inject all your mental models to it.
- [ ] Create your personal Library reading books ecosystem.



copilot --resume=48c7c3a3-0e3a-4e02-a27b-7696bb108833    
gemini --resume  a5a2d6ed-553f-4fde-90d9-59db9df1bf63 
copilot  --resume=a2dea685-8627-4c0d-9b6b-b3d6f638ad95