---
date: 2026-03-25T13:51
tags:
  - Daily
cssclasses:
  - daily
  - wednesday
---
# DAILY NOTE
## Wednesday, March 25th, 2026
***
### Journal
#### TIME
Customize this template to your liking!
...
***
### Tasks
- [ ] add sticky button in mobile version leslions
- [ ] add it also in the two landing page rolland assurrance
- [ ] update sitemap.xml file to include all the routing and links
- [ ] create the llm.txt file for leslions and rolland, fix the robot.txt problem error
- [ ] create all the remaining guides complementaires landing pages needed, auto and obseque doesn't have the guides landing pages.
- [ ] SEO optimization of image alt tags
- [ ] CMP google Tag and google analytiques for leslions
- [ ] create contact and privacy mail in leslions
- [ ] full project website ui/ux and website design audit then planing to enhace and improve the whole project design.
- [x] complete creating all assurance types grid icons to use them in nos assurance section tab. you need to create them all by yourself today.
- [x] update the full pratners section list to the 48 partners list oggo data have, and in nos partners landing page you should have each partners a direct link to their website. zakaria already have prepared an md file for you about this task.
- [ ] read and analyze those SEO Audit report md files zakaria have generated it for you. and why not search for some seo ai skills or mcp server for project seo audit and optimization.
- [ ] create a image hero for each categories we will use this image in ## Guides & Conseils section1
- [x] create a preview branch and configure it for leslions.
- [ ] you need to learn google ads and google analytics and overall website monitoring and maintenaince.
- [ ] rename all image assets with a better rich names for seo maximzation and make sure that sitemap have indexed all routes and links and langing pages and didn't miss a single page at all.





------ 
I'm just gonna work super hard on massively creating and improving all systems in all department and domain to dominate, starting witht the first system of taking and building and delivering project, i need an elite seinor level systems for this, so i can take build and deliver 5 and 6 figures IT projects.




./venv/bin/activate remove_background.py
